We would like to see a 3-tier application stack with a database server VM, application server VM and web server VM. Identified requirements are to have separate production and development environments. The production environment requires built-in data protection using backup/restore with snapshots and no more than 1 hour of data loss after a failure. Additional tests for VM workload expansion (cloning), the ability to dynamically add CPU/Memory resources to online virtual machines (add 1 vCPU and 2GB memory to the database server) is required. Final verification is the removal of a key VM and performing a full restoration.

The systems administration group has provisioned the test environment HCI cluster. You will be responsible for the basic infrastructure configurations and virtual machine buildout and testing. The applications team will perform the database and application installations. Our CEO would like to see a demo tomorrow - you have 8 hours to prepare the environment. I'm sure you're up to the task!

The network infrastructure will consist of separate production and development networks. The production network will be managed using IPAM/DHCP from an IP Pool provided by the Network Operations group. The production network will be on vlan 0, using the 172.31.0.0/24 network. The IP Pool will use a Start address of 172.31.0.210 and an End address of 172.31.0.230. The development network will be unmanaged on VLAN 101 using the 172.31.101.0/24 network.

The basic testing resource requirements for each virtual machine in the 3-tier application stack will be the same. Microsoft SQL on Windows, has been chosen for the database tier and the application server and web server tiers will both be Linux based. Each virtual machine will be configured with 1 vCPU and 4 GB of RAM. For testing purposes you will need to configure the Network Time Protocol (NTP) using the public service, pool.ntp.org, and 8.8.8.8 for the Domain Naming Service (DNS). You will also need to create a new storage container called Images to hold the Windows and CentOS virtual disk images (C:\Images) to be uploaded to the Image Service. The virtual machine naming convention will be based on a 2-3 letter representation, followed by the environment. Example: Database server for Production, use db-prod. Application for development, use app-dev, etc…

The production virtual machines, when created based on the previous criteria, should be duplicated to create an identical development environment.
